live for us in southern Gaza we're going
to cross to Zod who is in Beirut where
protests have been taking place in
support of Palestinians Zena if you can
hear me can you just tell me what's
unfolding where you
are yes you I can hear you we're trying
to move away because of tear gas uh are
you in a safe position to talk to us or
shall we cross back to you
outside yes yes yes yes there's chaotic
scenes outside the US Embassy in Beirut
angry protesters Lebanese as well as
Palestinians uh they're trying to break
through the security barrier outside the
US Embassy Lebanese Army as well as
security forces are using water cannons
tear gas to push to disperse the
crowd I'm sorry it's very difficult to
breathe with the smell of tear Gaz
there's a lot of anger people are
blaming the US Administration
anger is not just toward Israel but the
us as well they believe it's the
unconditional support that the United
States gives to Israel that allows it to
operate above international law and
commit what they call massacres many of
the people here at Palestinian we're
going to let you just get to a better
safe a better safer place and we're
going to cross back to you in a short
while in the meantime okay now the
Palestinian Authority president Mahmud
abas is speaking